#847: Fix pip-audit failure on Poetry-managed Python builds (#848)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/changes/unreleased.md

## Bugfix

* #840: Added `export` plugin installation within `dependency-update.yml`

> * Use hashed `poetry export` output with `pip-audit --disable-pip` to avoid the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #847: Used hashed `poetry export` output with `pip-audit --disable-pip` to avoid the
```
